ECE 3400, Semester #Fall 17 Team #15
Team Members: Shanee Lu, Ben Francis, Erika Yu, Aasta Gandhi, David Yang, Daniel Edens
Team Procedures
Team Meetings:
It is important to keep all members of the team aware of the time and date of all meetings. It is a good idea to pick a day, time, and place for regular team meetings.
Weekly Meeting time in addition to lab: Saturday 10AM eHub in Collegetown 
Agenda:
Team leader will set agenda at least 2-3 days before becoming team leader, notifying members through Slack. Members must come to consensus with agenda
Members are individually responsible for keeping track of their tasks; if not, other members can notify that member or be redirected to consequence section of contract
Team leader is responsible for keeping team on track during a meeting!
Decision-making: Majority Agree on how your team will make decisions. By consensus, majority vote, leader has veto rights, etc.?
Majority Vote, no leader veto rights, 
In event of tie: people with speciality in relevant fields will have votes with twice the weight
Meeting Minutes: Written records will be kept on google docs and stored in the “Meeting Minutes” folder in the team drive. 
For group meetings, the team leader will take minutes
Exception: who ever is latest after meeting start time, has to take meetings
For smaller meetings, anyone can take minutes (decided at beginning of meeting)
Will have action item lists with list of deadlines for each item
Method of communication: 
We will use Slack to communicate any team information, conflicts/problems, scheduling etc. 
Have a google drive to store all team information and work. 
Text/email/facebook are alternate modes of communication in case we need to reach someone urgently -- we have a team info sheet. 
Team Expectations
Work Quality
Agree on a (realistic) level of quality for website updates, individual work/design, peer reviews, etc.
Website updates: 
Should occur by Tuesday (after lab on prev Friday), 11:59 pm 
Split into pairs to update the website. All members should write up their parts and send to update-ers by Monday (after Friday lab), 12 pm 
Peer reviews: Wednesday
Individual work/design: 
First consult another specialist in group. If no other specialist is available, then consult the group as a whole, or consult a TA.
Agree on when individuals/sub-teams must finish their part (on the deadline, or hours or a day before the deadline such that other team members can check their work):
Deadlines for action items will be listed on meeting minutes, deadlines should be decided during meeting or within 24 hrs of meetings
Deadlines are posted publicly w/ minutes
Any items required for website must abide by agreement above under section “Website updates”
Strategies to fulfill these standards:
Team Participation:
Strategies to ensure cooperation and equal distribution of tasks: 
In a meeting, when setting action items and deadlines, members must come to consensus on individual task load
Strategies for encouraging/including ideas from all team members (team maintenance):
Always gain consensus from members during meetings
Let everyone participate at meetings, no shooting ideas
When assessing an idea, critique the idea, do not attack the person
Strategies for keeping on task (task maintenance): 
Gantt chart will be used to keep members on track.
Strategies to get help if you’re stuck: 
If we are stuck, we’ll first consult with each other to see if we can solve the problem. If we can’t, we can go to office hours to ask for help from the TA’s.
Personal Accountability:
Expected individual attendance, punctuality, and participation at all team meetings:
Attendance is mandatory at general team meetings
Everyone is expected to show up on time
If you can’t attend, get caught up by the team leader
Expected level of responsibility for fulfilling team assignments, timelines, and deadlines: 
Everyone is expected to complete their assignments on time before the deadline.
If unable to meet a deadline, delay and reason should be shared with the team BEFORE the deadline has passed
Expected level of communication with other team members:
First form of contact is through Slack
Assuming a message is sent during what would be considered the “reasonable hours,” after 10 AM and before 10 PM, we should: 
Try to respond to instant messages (text, FB messenger, Slack) within 6 hours.
Try to respond to emails within 12 hours.
If the message is not sent within ”reasonable hours,” add 2 hours to the time limit.
Expected level of commitment to team decisions and tasks:
Meet deadlines.
Notify all members of any possible delays as soon as possible!!
Show up to meetings.
Participate in said meetings or you will be called out.
Respond in timely manner as specified above.
How should a team member catch up if they have to miss a meeting:
Specified in part 1c.
Consequences for Failing to Follow Procedures and Fulfill Expectations
Describe how, as a group, you would handle individuals who do not live up to this contract:
Give defendant reasonable doubt.
If infraction is a repeat infraction, or is beyond reasonable doubt:
Directly address the defendant’s failing.
Make the defendant re-read the contract.
Describe what your team will do if these infractions continue:
Upon first infraction: Leader will discuss with defendant in private.
Upon second infraction: Leader and group will discuss with defendant at meeting.
Upon third (and final) infraction: Leader will address TAs and professor.
Team Leadership
Every person on the team will have to take the role as a leader for at least two weeks. The role of the leader will be to organize meetings and make sure that everything is submitted in a timely manner. Here are some hints on what the leader should do. Please note here who will be responsible when:
Aug 28th - Sep 15th (Lab 1, work on lab 2): Daniel Edens
Sep 16th - Sep 29th (Lab 2, Milestone 1 and 2): Erika Yu
Sep 30th - Oct 20th (Lab 3, work on lab 4): Shanee Lu
Oct 21st - Nov 3rd (Lab 4 and Milestone 3): Aasta Gandhi
Nov 4th - Nov 17th (Milestone 4): David Yang
Nov 18th - Dec 5th (Final competition and deadline for the website): Ben Francis
(If you are more or less than 6 people, please adjust the time periods accordingly).

I participated in formulating the standards, roles, and procedures as stated in this contract.
I understand that I am obligated to abide by these terms and conditions.
I understand that if I do not abide by these terms and conditions, I will suffer the consequences as stated in this contract.

Benjamin Francis	Date 9/1/17
Erika Yu 		Date 9/1/17
Daniel Edens		Date 9/1/17
Aasta Gandhi		Date 9/1/17
David Yang		Date 9/1/17 
Shanee Lu		Date 9/1/17
